Sun Zhipei, what do you mean?
Nothing, just Xu Ershao, right?
He wants to treat you to dinner
I don't know if you agree or not
If you don't agree
This Second Young Master Xu may be angry
Promise to be angry
Well, you know the consequences.
i
Ok?
You poor bastard, you dare to change Xu Ershao for a good thing
You really don't know how to write the word death
Xu Ershao
What the hell?
Let him roll as far as he can, right?
Second Young Master Xu turned out to be him
This Second Young Master Xu is incredible!
That kid offended him
I'm afraid the ending will be very tragic
Did you hear that?
How dare he ignore you
Must kill him
People who don't take me seriously
There weren't many
I didn't expect to have a girlfriend now
Do you have the guts?
Second Young Master Xue, please calm down
These are all friends of Mr. Su
Please also give Mr. Su a face
If you ask me to do things again, I dare not get out
I would like to invite you to dinner
I hope you don't refuse me this time.